docs: fix issue #1690 instructions to change API docs (#1693)
ember-learn/guides-source: guides/release/contributing/index.md

If you need some inspiration, you can check out the [Help Wanted](https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/) dashboard to browse for issues. If you are a beginner, look out for issues with the "Help wanted" and "Good first issue" labels.

> # Changing the API documentation

Reviewer: Let's use the word "update," which may sound more positive and refer to contributing to an open-source.

```suggestion
# Updating the API documentation
```

The use of `#` will create an `<h1>` tag (and `##` an `<h2>` tag, and so on). I noticed this Markdown file and 2 other files in `/release/contributing` folder misused heading levels.

In a separate pull request, would you like to help with fixing the heading levels?

Author: @ijlee2 Happy to help with separate PR/issue for the headings.

> To change the [API reference guidance](https://api.emberjs.com/ember/release), find the relevant section for the *package*, *method* or *class* you wish to change.
> At the top of the section, you will find a link to the 'defined in' or 'inherited from' file.
> Following this link will open the file where the guidance and the code for the function is defined.

Reviewer: Sample screenshot:

<img width="1200" alt="" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16869656/122662611-9def4200-d194-11eb-838b-459e87090aec.png">

A possible update to the paragraph:

```suggestion
In the [API Guides](https://api.emberjs.com/ember/release), suppose you found a typo or wish to provide more details for a package, method, or class. Here is how you can make a change.

At the top of the page (for the package, method, or class), you will find the words "Defined in" or "Inherited from". Next to these words is a link to the source code on GitHub.

[Insert screenshot and provide alternate text if needed]

You can open the link to find a comment block. Make a pull request to update the comment block. The API Guides will be updated in the near future (e.g. on the next Ember release).
```

Reviewer: @fozy81 I think adding screenshot(s) will help us concisely and precisely describe what a person will want to do to update the API Guides.

I made quite some changes to your text. Could you have a look at the suggested text, to see if it's okay with you? (Feel free to suggest something else.)

@jenweber Is it correct that, _in general_:

- Once a pull request to update the comment block is merged, the API Guides will be updated not immediately, but at the next Ember release.

Reviewer 2: I don’t think the change would necessarily be the next release since things bake in beta for 6 weeks. I’d use words like “future release” instead of “next release” to be more precise.

@ijlee2  what do you think about screenshots being optional for this to be merged? I kinda like keeping this section short and sweet for now.

Reviewer: @jenweber Yep, I think we can make adding screenshots optional. 🙂

> Note, the documentation is inline with the code to help ensure the code and documentation match.
> For example, near the top of the [`store.createRecord()`](https://api.emberjs.com/ember-data/release/classes/Store/methods/createRecord?anchor=createRecord) API guidance section, you can find the 'defined in' link to the specific `.ts` file where the guidance is inline: [`ds-model-store.ts`](https://github.com/emberjs/data/blob/v3.26.0/packages/store/addon/-private/system/ds-model-store.ts).
> You can then edit the guidance within the `.ts` file.

Reviewer: Sample screenshot:

<img width="1200" alt="defined-in-link-for-method" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16869656/122662808-3a661400-d196-11eb-8ffe-30b59337d979.png">

A possible update to the paragraph:

```suggestion
Here is an example of updating a method. At the top of the section for [`store.createRecord()`](https://api.emberjs.com/ember-data/release/classes/Store/methods/createRecord?anchor=createRecord), you can find the words "Defined in."

[Insert screenshot and provide alternate text if needed]

Next to the words is, once again, the link to the source code [`ds-model-store.ts`](https://github.com/emberjs/data/blob/master/packages/store/addon/-private/system/ds-model-store.ts).
```

> Please follow the contributing guidance for the specific repo for example Ember.js [contributing.md](https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).
> The contributing guidance provides best practice for editing, commit messages, style and testing. 

Reviewer: An optional suggestion. I thought the second sentence is okay, but the first sentence needed an update with regards to grammar (a run-on sentence, possibly).

```suggestion

Please follow the contributing guide in the specific repo. (Here is an example of the [contributing guide for Ember.js](https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).)
The contributing guide may further describe how you can edit files, commit messages, and run linting and testing.
```
